---
layout: post
title:  "Politics"
date:   2016-10-16 11:21:00 +0200
excerpt: "We believe that talking about a problem will eventually produce a resolution. This is the promise that our so called modern societies are built on."
---
We believe that talking about a problem will eventually produce a resolution.  
This is the promise that our so called modern societies are built on.  
We create discussion boards with varying amounts of seriousness.  
There are company boards, city councils, parliaments and ultimately the G20.  
These are our entrusted governing bodies of our _lives_ locally and on a global scale.  
All that happens on the meetings of these bodies is talking about _changes_.  
**The _changes_ of our environment are discussed to obtain a sense of _control_.**  
_Control_ is only required on the anticipation of some dangerous event, like the Armageddon.  
The political news seem to confirm our _fears_ and appoint _hope_ as the only remedy.  
This is how we become a religious patriots of our shoebox, also known as, our country.

What we fail to realise is that any word we ever say is rooted in our _beliefs_.  
We cannot actually think nor speak out of the box of our _belief_ system.  
It is not possible to be compassionate without realizing that we aren't so different after all.  
So if someone's world view is cluttered with concepts of borders or boundaries,  
they cannot possibly suggest anything remotely related to _freedom_ and _peace_.  
**_Peace_ and _freedom_ are the result of letting go of our _fear_-based need for _control_.**  
Politicians who talk about good and bad, or how You deserve more and others less  
are driven by _fear_ unconsciously and they prone to have a _control_-based leadership.  
Luckily, in small companies we start to see how dictatorship is becoming an aging paradigm  
and how openness and _transparency_ _revolutionises_ the structures we organise ourselves into.

However we are able to do more then hoping for a better future.  
Just as our leaders aren't able to speak beyond their _beliefs_,  
We cannot have leaders with capabilities beyond our imagination.  
It is our _beliefs_ that, concious or not, affect our thoughts and judgements.  
**We can take _control_ by uncovering these _beliefs_ about ourselves.**  
When we realise that we're the ones _fearful_ of loosing our wealth,  
when we welcome our own _fears_ and see through them clearly,  
when our _fears_, our _beliefs_ become _transparent_ to us,  
that's when we start a meaningful _revolution_ for _freedom_.  
This is how we can find _peace_ ourselves and realise it in the world.
