---
layout: post
title:  "Gi Gong"
date:   2016-03-14 20:45:00 +0200
excerpt: "I'd bet that you are thinking of something ancient and exotic."
---

### Common

There are two possibilities,

  * you've either already heard about it
  * or you know nothing about it.

Either way, when I say **Qi Gong**,
I'd bet that you are thinking of something _ancient_ and _exotic_.
Even though these words are of Chinese origin and their records date back well before Christ,
I am going to show how they are describing your everyday activities.

### Ubiquitous

What is the most ubiquitous activity that we do
-- without perhaps even realising that it is happening?
That's right, Breathing.
We all breathe thousands of times a day.
Take another activity that you consciously practice everyday.
For example, your profession or hobby, at which you get better and better with time.
Imagine the possibility of breathing consciously for a period of time everyday.
Wouldn't you expect yourself to be better at breathing shortly thereafter?
As breathing is the only difference between a dead and an alive body,
it should be worthwhile to preserve some attention for this simple activity.

### Channel

We all know what better breathing mean.
What do we do when we are tired?
What is the signal our body uses to let us know it needs to recharge?
We yawn, we take a nice slow deep breath.
That breath is a quick little charge.
Also when we wake up, we often find ourself yawning and stretching our arms and legs.
Animals do this too. There is no magic around this. It is natural.
That stretching is a signal to the body to get ready for a new day.
Yawning and stretching are ways of communication between our body and mind.
The maintenance of this line of communication is just as crucial to our health as is breathing.

### Balance

**Qi Gong** is a collection of exercises that were practised in ancient China to improve the line of communication between body and mind.
Its practitioners devoted their lives to find intuitive ways to practice **Qi Gong** and verify the exercises through experience.
They have often crossed the boundaries of medicine, philosophy and other arts and sciences.
In **Qi Gong**, the meaning of Health goes beyond the body.
It also extends to a peaceful mind and a content personality.
Health is only truly experienced when our **body, mind and heart**
are all at _rest_ and in _synergy_ to create our environment, the world.

